All right so this is a algorithm from codifies from a specific company called Datto.
They actually keep track of how long it takes you on here and then if you do well and on some of their
challenges they might actually reach out to you.
So this they categorize as a medium challenge and they expected to take roughly 15 minutes or that's
the time you get there is actually a time when that goes off is very stressful I don't like it at all
but that's what that's what they do.
So they're in the data storage and cloud computing industry and our algorithm here or our our function
is we're going to take in some number.
This is our backup time and we're going to have changes which are going to have a backup time and then
a ID that goes along with that backup time.
And what we want after reading through this problem and getting this text and everything we want the
changes that have taken place where we want the unique IDs for them which is the ones that use the six
is the second number in our double nested array which is going to be returned for the values that their
backup time is later than our backup time.
That's what we're trying to get some hints for how I solve this is I use includes push and sort.
And let's see if they have an example here.
So when the backup time is to 0 5 you'll see that when we have a 206 we're getting a 5 7 and 3.
Give me another five.
Give me one and you'll see we have a return result of or a result of 1 3 and 5.
So it's sorted and it's only has a single digit in there for the solution it's not you know we don't
have multiple sources go ahead and jump into it.
All right so the way that I got started it was I created this Conte's values here and what we're going
to get set is the file ids.
That's really what we're storing here.
Or is equal to an empty array and it's going to initialize it whenever I deal with cons..
I like to hear cost values.
I even though we don't have to I like to initialize it to a number just like I like to do.
Now where you need to iterate through the entire FOR loop we do that with a change of changes here.
A for loop.
And what we're going to do is say if our value eventually what we're going to return is our file ids.
So if our change is zero.
We change 0 which is our day is greater than the last backup time if that is in fact a true value.
We can go ahead and and push the values there to our five ideas
faculties plus equals a put up push forward to plus to push change
one indexable and you'll see here we have a couple of issues.
One is duplicate and two it's not sorted so let's handle the sort.
That's really simple right.
They're both so simple at this point.
If you if you got this far so it was just going to have an Annabi.
We don't really need to worry too much that the scope of these are short so we don't have to worry about
good naming conventions.
If we really wanted to do id one too.
And my guess file id one file id too and we're going to return file id one minus file ID too.
And that will sorted evenly but we still have duplicates Well before we push you into a check here that
says if we want it not to be in our file ids so file ids includes if that in fact not a not in there.
Meaning change one
well we can do is we can just do a check see if we already have it if we don't go ahead and add it.
Now this is a little bit slower because now we are adding another iteration through an entire race so
there's a couple of different ways that we can do.
Probably use objects whenever you're doing includes there's always a better way of doing it with objects.
If you are worried about a fish it's usually always I should say.
Now one thing from a cleanliness standpoint other than a let's make it faster is we could actually and
this would this may seem a little silly but I actually think it adds a code readability so we can go
ahead and set file ID here equal to change 0 and we can go ahead and set as much change 1 and we can
go ahead and say contes file file backup time equal to change
0 and whenever I'm dealing with tuples like this I typically would have to have something like this
because I think it's I think that you're like oh well you're creating Constancio you don't need ants
and stuff like that.
I disagree.
I think creating a value this creates value to me where we now have more readable code even though we're
not really using on one spot.
Now it's fall back up time greater than last backup time file Adi's includes this file ID and we are
in a situation where I think it's a little bit more readable but that that might be debatable in this
instance.
But you know that's that's my solution.